com/example/folha/repository/BatidasRepository.java
 com.example.folha.repository.BatidasRepository
com/example/folha/entity/Usuario.java
 com.example.folha.entity.Usuario
com/example/folha/utils/Constante.java
 com.example.folha.utils.Constante
com/example/folha/resource/BatidasResource.java
 com.example.folha.resource.BatidasResource
com/example/folha/exception/ApiExceptionHandler.java
 com.example.folha.exception.ApiExceptionHandler
com/example/folha/dto/AlocacaoDTO.java
 com.example.folha.dto.AlocacaoDTO
com/example/folha/service/AlocacoesService.java
 com.example.folha.service.AlocacoesService
com/example/folha/entity/Relatorio.java
 com.example.folha.entity.Relatorio
com/example/folha/entity/Momento.java
 com.example.folha.entity.Momento
com/example/folha/dto/RegistroDTO.java
 com.example.folha.dto.RegistroDTO
com/example/folha/dto/RelatorioDTO.java
 com.example.folha.dto.RelatorioDTO
com/example/folha/entity/Role.java
 com.example.folha.entity.Role
com/example/folha/utils/UtilsValidation.java
 com.example.folha.utils.UtilsValidation
com/example/folha/security/WebSecurityConfig.java
 com.example.folha.security.WebSecurityConfig
 com.example.folha.security.WebSecurityConfig$1
com/example/folha/service/BatidasService.java
 com.example.folha.service.BatidasService
com/example/folha/entity/Alocacao.java
 com.example.folha.entity.Alocacao
com/example/folha/resource/AlocacoesResource.java
 com.example.folha.resource.AlocacoesResource
com/example/folha/exception/ApiExp.java
 com.example.folha.exception.ApiExp
com/example/folha/security/CorsConfiguration.java
 com.example.folha.security.CorsConfiguration
com/example/folha/resource/UsuarioResource.java
 com.example.folha.resource.UsuarioResource
com/example/folha/resource/RelatorioResource.java
 com.example.folha.resource.RelatorioResource
com/example/folha/exception/ApiRequestExcept.java
 com.example.folha.exception.ApiRequestExcept
com/example/folha/utils/Constantes.java
 com.example.folha.utils.Constantes
com/example/folha/repository/AlocacoesRepository.java
 com.example.folha.repository.AlocacoesRepository
com/example/folha/exception/ApiRequestForbidden.java
 com.example.folha.exception.ApiRequestForbidden
com/example/folha/service/RelatorioService.java
 com.example.folha.service.RelatorioService
com/example/folha/dto/MomentoDTO.java
 com.example.folha.dto.MomentoDTO
com/example/folha/exception/ApiRequestConflict.java
 com.example.folha.exception.ApiRequestConflict
com/example/folha/repository/UsuariosRepository.java
 com.example.folha.repository.UsuariosRepository
com/example/folha/security/ImplementsUserDetailService.java
 com.example.folha.security.ImplementsUserDetailService
com/example/folha/dto/UsuarioDTO.java
 com.example.folha.dto.UsuarioDTO
com/example/folha/service/UsuarioService.java
 com.example.folha.service.UsuarioService
com/example/folha/FolhaApplication.java
 com.example.folha.FolhaApplication
